if you don't know Jerry Shepard cheese
the black woman on the view not whoopee
I said woman she's at home again she's a
way to the Bible literally she's a woman
who said she's not sure the world was
round and kept her job talking into a
camera cunt fantastic I'm not going to
use that word okay I'm recalling your
time no son I will kill off I've got out
got a half sleeve I've got like another
piece together half sleeve right here
and there's good time they go and they
look at all the tats hey what I think
put it down on this chart or whatever
yeah I had tell us what the tattoos were
rolling you know all that end piercing
God thinks they need to understand that
a true intent rising piercings have
changed since the night
having a great time here is she had some
creepy Lincoln all over her went to want
to sleep on the floor comedy show thrown
my podcast it'll line of the door sleep
we loved the show right here let's get
man podcast sure if its private chat
yeah we we were example for a month babe
I radio okay we told them there's me
what I just be running like this hotel
being loud nearly cry available yeah so
much another's how you style it all for
sleeping in that four bars cozy over
there is any beers though it's making
her older peers are gone can we they are
skull in this hotel
any of us John what's the predicament
were in right now I like this war and we
were at the red bar kombi show last
night he was great and but then
afterwards we were to a hotel and russet
phone
you have kicked out all of them and then
we had to leave the hotel security
escort us out drunk and we're disorderly
and now we're leaving okay hurry up with
this fucking story